Vanquish Story Line – Chapter One

   It has been 2000 years since the dawn of the great war of ages when the portals connecting the two worlds of Eiden and Dramencia 
together were destroyed due to the massive waves of energy put out by the great kings, such energy could only be harnessed by those in possession of the sacred weapons. 
These ruins of these portals have yet to even be discovered, lost over time just decaying somewhere in either world. Generations have passed and the great Evil sage emperor
of Dramencia is growing old, patience running thin he sends for his minions to search out and rediscover the ruins once more and rule over Eiden. Just hungry with 
power the Evil sage does not realise what anarchy he is yet to cause.

   As the Evil sage has no clue where the ruins could be, he builds his army to such vast numbers you could see his minions for miles. 
With the wave of his mighty Altaic staff he order’s them off in search of what could be the ruins of what once was a great portal connecting the two worlds. 
Deep below the dark and dreary Evil sage’s Fortress, thousands of other minions under his powerful control are working at forging weapons and armour to prepare 
for the time to wage war. Lightly equipped the minions begin to spread-out all over Dramencia, in Order to find any traces of the ruins. Terrorizing anything in 
their paths these demonic creatures give off such a dark presence that everything around them dies and withers away if exposed for a long enough period of time. 
Although weak their vast numbers quickly overwhelm anything in their path. Little does the Evil sage know what he has begun to get himself into, he continues to 
prepare himself for what may surpass the “great war of ages”! The Altaic staff, such a weapon of mass destruction could not just be wielded by anyone. In order to 
gain possession of this in-valuable weapon you must be able to withstand the forces it brings upon its user, in order to withstand this, the sage must focus his 
energy into restoring himself every so often in order to survive. Due to the exhaustion caused from doing so, he must rest a great deal.  
